[URAMICHI]
This is bugging me.
What do they call
the stupid things?
[URAMICHI] Nothing.
I'm totally blanking on it.
[URAMICHI] It's not like it's
even anything worth remembering,
but now it's all
I can think about.
[URAMICHI]
What are those things?
[URAMICHI] It's like that
one French politician guy.
[gasps]
[URAMICHI]
Why is it morning?
[ALL] Welcome to the show!
Konnichiwa !
[KIDS shouting]
I'm Iketeru Daga
and I love to sing!
And so do I! I'm Utano Tadano!
I'm Uramichi Omota
and I love tumbling!
Let's start the day
with the song
that everybody is waiting for!
[IKETERU, UTANO]
"Arm Through the Neck Hole"!
[KIDS cheering]
[KIDS] ♪ Did I wear this last
week? When was it again? ♪
♪ Is it even good anymore? ♪
♪ There's no clean clothes at
the bottom of the drawer! ♪
♪ Guess I'll wear this
thing out the door ♪
♪ But at once you suddenly ♪
♪ Put your arm through
the neck hole ♪
♪ Put both feet
in one pant leg ♪
♪ Your life really
is a disaster ♪
♪ So much that you
cannot even ♪
♪ get yourself dressed
for the day ♪
♪ La la la la la la
la la la! ♪
♪ La la la la la la la! ♪
Up next is one of our
most requested songs!
[IKETERU, UTANO] "When I Put
My Hand Up, a Taxi Stopped."
[KIDS cheering]
[USAHARA]
Dude, is it just me,
or has Uramichi been totally
out of it all morning?
[KUMATANI] For sure.
Wonder if something's up.
Marconi? No, uh,
Mc(bleep)n? That's a car.
[USAHARA] Is he okay
to do the Advice Corner
when he keeps talking
to himself like that?
[KUMATANI] He's never okay in
general, so it should be fine.
[URAMICHI] Macaroon?
That's some coconut thing.
Hey, everyone! Gather round!
[KIDS cheering]
Okay, kids, tell me
what's bugging you.
I'll offer my one-sided snap
judgment and call it advice!
Now, if everyone's
ready, who's first?
--[KENJI] Me! Pick me!
--[KIDS shouting]
All right, get us
started, Kenji- kun !
Thank you! I kinda
feel, you know...
Heh. Just take your time, bud.
I'm having so much
fun being here,
but it seems like you're
not having fun at all
and it makes me feel guilty
that I'm having so much fun!
Aww.
You just hold onto that
kindness in your heart
and don't worry about me, okay?
[KENJI]
'Kay!
Now, who wants to--?
[GIRL A] Do you have anything
on your mind, Uramichi Oniisan?
Sure do!
Recently, I'm having trouble
remembering the names of things!
[GIRL B]
That's okay!
My mommy is only 26 years old,
but sometimes she can't
remember people's names!
The other day, I was with
her at the supermarket...
...and there was a man
buying pickled mackerel
and burdock root and
it looked like milk,
but Mommy said it was alcohol
that comes in a milk carton.
And me and Mommy thought we'd
seen him somewhere before,
but we didn't know where.
And Mommy said she couldn't
remember who he looked like,
and so I kept looking at him,
and I finally said,
"He looks like Uramichi Oniisan
from Together With Maman !"
But Mommy said,
"That guy looks way too old
to be Uramichi Oniisan!"
[URAMICHI]
Uh. Is that so?
Boy, what a coincidence, huh?
[laughing]
[GIRL B] Yeah, 'cause he really
looked exactly like you!
[URAMICHI]
He was me.
[USAHARA]
That was probably him.
Dude eats a crapload
of pickled fish.
What?
[USAHARA]
I didn't say anything.
Great! Hands up.
Who's next? Hands--
Me! Pick me next!
[URAMICHI]
Yes, Saki- chan ?
Do you have a favorite food,
and what's your favorite
food if you do?
Well, Saki- chan , this is
actually an advice segment,
so if you have any
questions about me-- Uh!
[URAMICHI] Nothing,
I'm totally blanking on it.
Marconi?
No, uh, that's a car.
It's macarons!
[KIDS, USAHARA]
Eh?
[GIRL C] Wait, macarons
are his favorite food?
--Really?
--[BOY A] Does that seem right?
Why'd you say it like that?
[USAHARA] I know you were trying
not to say "pickled mackerel,"
but you went for, like,
the most worse option there.
Huh?
[KIDS]
Uramichi Oniisan!
Hey, everybody!
Konnichiwa !
[KIDS]
[URAMICHI] I'm barely feeling
any anxiety at all today.
Because starting tomorrow,
I'm off work for two
days in a row!
Two whole days!
[BOY B] Uramichi Oniisan!
Pick me up really high!
You got it! Up we go!
[GIRL E]
Me, too!
Up we go!
[URAMICHI] When's the last
time I had two days off?
Consecutively?!
[USAHARA] Why would he be
in this good of a mood?
[KUMATANI] You think no one's
told him about it yet?
[BOTH grunt]
[USAHARA]
Bro.
[KUMATANI]
Yeah.
[EDEI]
Great hustle, team!
We have a company trip?
Sadly. Uh... And also,
you can't skip.
At least, not if you
wanna keep your job.
Mitchy, hey, superstar!
Who?
Field trip, huh?
You excited, pal?
Sorry. This is the first I'm
hearing about any company trip--
Bus leaves at eight.
That's our only ride,
and we're not waiting.
Miss it and you're gonna
be paying your own way.
So don't be late, obviously.
♪ Work trip, work trip,
going on a work trip. ♪
So that's what's up.
But it's not like you'd
been makin' plans
for those two days, right?
It is like that.
I had important plans.
Like not going to work, dammit.
[KIDS]
Uramichi Oniisan !
[USAHARA]
Mornin'!
You came pretty early for a guy
who didn't wanna be here
in the first place.
I'm ten minutes early.
I always am.
Why are you whispering?
[IKETERU]
Good morning, everyone!
Good morning, everybody!
Hey, what's up?
Wow, you student athlete types
really know how to
travel light, don't ya?
Yeah. It's the
training camp thing.
[IKETERU] Uramichi, look
at this new T-shirt I got!
Isn't it cute?
It's not! Opposite! Anti-cute!
I can't even talk right
looking at that.
I got it from the same site
where I buy Sayuri's food
and toys and stuff,
and since I bought two of
these shirts, they sent...
...this awesome bonus item!
What's that?
--It's a pen--
--[UTANO] What is that?
--What is it?
[IKETERU]
It's a pen case.
[KUMATANI]
Hey, guys. Sorry I'm late.
Now I'm kinda hot
from sprinting.
[USAHARA] Is this some
local thing I don't get?
[KUMATANI] Oh, Iketeru
gave me the shirt.
I've been waiting all year
to go visit a hot spring!
I'm super excited!
Right?
Hey. Got any good movie
recommendations, Kuma?
I'm into the Man-Eating
Salmon series.
Yeah? Are they good?
Oh, no. Terrible.
[FURODE]
Oniisans!
I got some big things comin'
down the pipe for you two.
I hope you're ready for 'em.
[IKETERU chuckles nervously]
[DEREKIDA] Thirty's just
the end of the beginning!
[FURITSUKE] Did you sleep
at all, honey bunny?
You look like absolute hell.
Good lord, your skin.
Somebody was drinking yesterday.
Yep.
Hello, hot springs!
[BOYS groan]
First hot spring
trip of the year!
C'mon, Capellini, hurry up!
[FURITSUKE]
Slow down!
Guys, I think we might
wanna take a cue
from the ladies, here.
Try to have fun.
[ALL grunt]
[URAMICHI]
I wanna go home...
[KIDS]
Uramichi Oniisan !
[USAHARA] Noice! Nothing
like the feel of tatami !
Yo! Anyone up for
a pillow fight?
[URAMICHI]
No.
That's not really
something you do
when you're just
getting settled in.
Yeah! You do it right before
bedtime. It's too early!
Sure, or too late,
seeing as the youngest guy
here is pushing 30.
Huh?
[OTHERS]
[ALL]
Oh, crap.
Does he actually
want a pillow fight?
Uh, here's something.
We can tell some scary stories.
People usually do
that when they stay
at old-style inns like this.
[KUMATANI, URAMICHI]
No.
--Huh?
--[OTHERS] Huh?
[IKETERU crying]
[OTHERS] He wanted us to
tell scary stories, too?
[USAHARA]
Iketeru.
Did you happen to miss your
class trip back in high school?
Um, yeah.
I couldn't go because I had
a singing competition.
And my family was really strict,
so I could never have
sleepovers with my friends.
So, um, I guess I always dreamed
of doing something like this.
Hey!
I'm pretty sure we'll all agree
that the baths sound good!
And here's your yukata.
Listen, bro, I don't mind
helping you catch up
on the school trip experience
you missed out on.
Feel free to ask.
If you wanna do somethin',
just hit me up!
Huh? Sorry, I didn't
catch any of that.
[KAYO] Ah... Who doesn't
love an open-air bath?
Oh, I feel alive again.
[IKUKO] So how's everything been
with your boyfriend, Utano?
[UTANO]
Same as it ever was.
When I told him I had
to go on a trip today,
all he said was, "Well,
who's gonna feed me, then?"
Jeez, couldn't he at least
wish me a good trip?
"Be safe, babe!"
It's not that hard!
Didn't you mention before that
your boyfriend came from Osaka?
It's a cute accent.
[UTANO]
Meh. For a little while, maybe.
And then you start
doin' it yourself.
Pretty sure Usahara is from
Kyoto, which is still Kansai.
What do you think
about him, Kayo?
[KAYO] Whoa, I had no
idea he was from Kyoto.
But I'm more into the
quiet, earnest type,
and he's not exactly that.
He definitely isn't that,
though I don't think
I'd say he's a bad guy.
Just bad at life, maybe.
[KAYO, UTANO chuckle]
Sounds like the girls
are having fun.
[USAHARA] I wish I could hear
what they were laughing
so much about.
They were laughing about
how bad you are at life.
[USAHARA] Cool, I take
it back. Nice ears.
Anyway, I'm thinkin'
separate baths
would've been a better
way to go on this.
We're straight up marinating
in dude broth out here.
So we can't do it the way
the girls did. Lesson learned.
[GIRLS chuckling]
[GUYS grunt]
[EDEI] Refills here!
Refills comin' around!
C'mon, drink so I can
pour you another one!
Let's all have a good
time! Drink up!
[UTANO]
♪ You and I were dressed ♪
♪ in the sweetest soft
acrylic knit wear ♪
♪ Crocheted with cool
matching skull patterns ♪
♪ Yours black, mine white ♪
Yeah! Sing it, lady!
Who sang this
originally? You know?
Yasuko Oide,
who would go on to be
known as Utano Oneesan.
This was supposed
to be the big single
that launched her enka career,
but apparently, it flopped.
[USAHARA] Girl's gone
through a lot, hasn't she?
[FURODE]
Hey, Iketeru!
Where's your drink?
C'mon. Ya gotta let loose
at this kinda deal.
Um, thanks, but I
don't really drink.
Look, a UFO.
[FURODE] What? Where is it?
I don't see it!
[FURODE]
Uh, where's the UFO?
[KUMATANI]
Furode, sir.
Question: Are you
into hot saké?
Oh. Oh, yeah!
[UTANO]
I really mean it.
Together with Maman is my world.
It means so much to me!
Okay. Smoke break.
Uramichi Oniisan!
Yeah?
[UTANO]
I know you just wanna get away
from the crying drunk lady.
You're not even hiding it!
Look, honestly,
you've been putting up
a pretty good front,
but it doesn't really seem
like you're into this.
[UTANO]
You could tell?
And that might be why
you're falling apart now.
It's the only way
I could make it this long.
If it makes you
feel any better,
I'm actually having
a lot of fun!
Oh, I'm sure!
But there's so much
more to be had, dear.
Oh, God. Uramichi, please!
[IKUKO] Okay, can we talk
about how Capellini's makeup
is totally on point
every single day?
Right? We should take notes.
[FURODE snoring]
[IKETERU] Huh? Did he just
fall asleep at the table?
It was a pretty long day.
Ugh. Well, that was awful. Huh?
Yo, pour me some of that!
Try not to get wasted,
okay? You're a bad drunk.
I'm not gonna get wasted, bro.
I won't let a few drinks take me
down when I'm this psyched.
For real. I know better
than to go past my limits.
Ugh. I wanna be funny.
So you're always saying.
What do you find funny, anyway?
'Cause if you're being ironic
with the strawberry barrette,
you need to stop.
Nah, it's just somethin'
my ex left at my place.
It's pretty handy.
Almost like a literal red flag.
What's up? You get shot?
Coming back from the restroom,
I just happened to
walk past the room
where the girls are staying.
[UTANO]
Pee-pee Samurai Game!
Pee-pee...
Pee-pee Samurai.
Pee-pee Samurai!
--[FURITSUKE] Pee-pee!
--[IKUKO] Pee-pee!
[UTANO]
Samurai!
[KAYO]
Shwing! Pee-pee Samurai!
[ALL]
Pee-pee Samurai!
[FURITSUKE]
Big pee-pee.
[UTANO]
Flop!
[URAMICHI] Great. This'll be fun
to never talk about at work.
Uh. We should go check out
the ping pong tables, my dudes!
[URAMICHI, KUMATANI]
I'm out.
Oh my gosh. That sounds great!
[UTANO]
It's so goofy.
This game is all the rage
in the gayborhood, though.
For real?
It's honestly pretty fun.
[FURITSUKE]
Your comedian boy?
A stinkbug got into
the apartment.
Sack up and toss it outside.
[IKUKO] It's kinda cute
that he's scared of bugs!
Do not call that cute.
This is a full-grown man
we're talking about.
If he even sees a ladybug
in the bathroom,
he'll literally throw a tantrum.
Shut up!
Wanna do rock-paper-scissors
for the teams?
You know, I've never
actually played this game.
Oh, crap, hold on a sec.
Iketeru, listen.
Okay.
These guys go into
serial killer mode
whenever there's a competition.
Okay.
So, what are we waiting for?
You two scared or somethin'?
Utterly terrified.
I don't know why I
suggested ping pong.
Protecting your face
is priority one.
Huh?
[IKETERU]
Here goes.
[KUMATANI]
Not bad for your first time.
But not good enough for me!
[gasps]
[IKETERU]
This is hard.
[USAHARA] They're like
wolves circling a lamb.
[KUMATANI] Widen your stance.
Don't lock your knees.
It isn't about your hands.
You have to turn your
whole body into the hit.
Like that?
But your mindset
matters most of all.
So I need you to
imagine you're a pro
playing your farewell match.
[gasps]
Let's go!
Yeah. That's great!
Just like that!
What can't he do? Damn.
[IKETERU grunts]
[UTANO]
Hi.
So, picking it up with
a tissue and tossing it
would've been way faster
than all those texts.
Well, sadly, I took the bus,
but I'm sure you can deal with
the big scary stinkbug yourself.
[UTANO groans]
Seriously, it can be
pretty hard to like a guy
who can't even deal
with a bug on his own.
I guess it's not exactly
a point in his favor.
[KAYO gasps]
Eww, stinkbug!
[UTANO] Gross, did it hear
us talking about it?
[IKUKO] Oh my gosh,
where are the tissues?
[FURITSUKE]
Beyond man and woman
lies the irresistible
power of a queen.
[UTANO]
My queen.
[IKUKO, KAYO]
Dang, I'm gonna pass out!
[KUMATANI]
That was a pretty close game.
[USAHARA] Mainly because
of Iketeru's hidden powers.
We worked up a sweat.
Maybe we should go
take another soak.
Hell yeah, bro.
[URAMICHI] These are gonna
be some weird muscle aches.
[KUMATANI] I heard
Man-Eating Salmon Three 's
gone into production.
[URAMICHI]
Yeah? When's it coming out?
[USAHARA]
Ah! A stinkbug!
Huh?
What about it? Don't
freak out over a bug.
[USAHARA] They move all
weird and it's gross!
That thing's crawlin' all over
the only towel I brought!
Just leave the stupid towel.
The bug will fly off
before we're done.
Are you kiddin' me?
What, I just gotta
hang dong until then?
[IKETERU]
Dong. Hang dong?
[BOTH]
Hm?
[IKETERU laughing]
[URAMICHI]
Look at that. You got a laugh.
[USAHARA]
Wasn't looking for one.
[URAMICHI] And then a death
stare from the guy
right next to him.
[USAHARA]
Wasn't lookin' for that either.
So... penis?
[IKETERU chuckling]
[IKETERU]
He just...
...just said it.
[USAHARA] I wonder if that
stinkbug flew off by now.